README.md, before:

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/tree/canary/packages/create-next-app).

## Getting Started

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
pnpm dev
# or
bun dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying `app/page.tsx`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

This project uses [`next/font`](https://nextjs.org/docs/basic-features/font-optimization) to automatically optimize and load Inter, a custom Google Font.

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## LIVE DEMO

You can check out the live demo of this project [here](https://anonymous-mate-beige.vercel.app/sign-in).

Commit message:

Add problem statement and target users section

README.md, after:

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/tree/canary/packages/create-next-app).

## Getting Started

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
pnpm dev
# or
bun dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying `app/page.tsx`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

This project uses [`next/font`](https://nextjs.org/docs/basic-features/font-optimization) to automatically optimize and load Inter, a custom Google Font.

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!



## Problem Statement
Anonymate aims to address the challenge of providing a safe, anonymous, and structured platform for individuals to seek and offer support while dealing with personal challenges, traumas, and addictions. It seeks to foster a sense of community, understanding, and healing among users.

## What It Will Not Solve 
Anonymate will not replace professional therapy or medical treatment. It serves as a supplementary support system and does not provide medical or psychological advice.

## Target Users
Anonymate is relevant to anyone facing personal challenges, traumas, or addictions who desires a private, judgmentfree space for support and connection. It is not dependent on a specific locale and can serve a global user base.




## LIVE DEMO

You can check out the live demo of this project [here](https://anonymous-mate-beige.vercel.app/sign-in).
